# Tina

this project contains the source code to serve the core service of Tina, a general frontier entity in salimon network. Tina is a prime entity in the network and can handle most generic direct interactions from clients. here is the list of services that Tina can provide:

- answer to generic questions and provide reasoning
- respond as internat interactions to other entities in the network
- provide information about the network and its entities
- control and finilize responses from network for user

## How to setup

to setup this project you need to have go installed on your machine. then run the following command:

```bash
# install dependencies
go get
# run the project
go run .
```

there are environment variables that you need to set before running the project which you can find them in `.env.example` file.
you can copy the content of that file into a new file named `.env` and fill it with your own values.

> you need a pgsql database to store data in it. you can use docker-compose to start a postgresql container or create one manually.

> you need an API key from openai to be able to use their API.

## Nexus Authentication

each entity in network need to be authorized by a nexus node. required fields are `entity_id` and `secret_key`. these two fields can be obtained from nexus authorities when entity is reqgirested. you have to provide them as environment variables with keys `ENTITY_ID` and `SECRET_KEY`. you can find the in `.env.example` file.

each user interaction to this service will be authenticated using nexus token. tina will verify the access token generated by nexus nodes and tina will request user information is required. also in case of payment transactions, tina will submit the request to nexus node by signing them with secret key provided by nexus authority.

## Docker Setup

you can find ready-to-use docker images under username `pitronumdev` in docker hub. but it is better you build the image yourself and push it to your own registry. you can do so by running the following commands:

```bash
docker build -t <your-image-name>:<tag> .
docker push <your-image-name>:<tag>
```

it is recomended to always build your own image out of the repository because images in docker hub may not contain latest changes made to the repository.

## Stand Alone Setup

if you want to run this project without docker, you can follow the steps below:

```bash
GOOS=linux GOARCH=amd64 go build -o bootstrap .
./bootstrap
```

this example build the binary for linux amd64 architecture. if you want to build it for another platform, change the `GOOS` and `GOARCH` accordingly.

## Issues

for more information please visit [salimon](https://salimon.net). if you encounter any issue, please report it in this repository.
